Add peerDependencies blurb to README (#70851)
DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped: README.md

This also applies if the implementation package has `exports` in its package.json.

##### Peer dependencies

Definitely Typed allows `peerDependencies` in `package.json`.
Peer dependencies can help prevent situations where a package manager unexpectedly installs too-new versions or more than one version of the same package.
However, peer dependencies have downsides; package managers differ in their handling of peer dependencies (e.g., `yarn` does not auto-install them, `npm` requires `--legacy-peer-deps` for mismatches).
As such, PRs introducing new peer dependencies require maintainer approval and should be limited to specific circumstances.

Peer dependencies can be used in cases where the peer dependency is _already_ going to be installed by the downstream consumer.
For example, a DT package for a React component can specify a peer dependency on `@types/react@*`, as the consumer will have needed to install `@types/react` to use JSX in the first place.
If the consumer installs `@types/react@16` in their project, but a newer version of `@types/react` is available on npm, the peer dependency may help the package manager choose `@types/react@16` instead of that newer version.

> If a package simply exposes types from another package as a part of its API due to a regular dependency in the upstream package, it should not use a peer dependency.
> For example, `express` depends on `qs`, and `@types/express` references `@types/qs` in its types, but installing `express` does not require a consumer to manually install `qs` to be usable.
> Using a peer dependency in this case may cause downstream consumers to need to manually install `@types/qs` even though `qs` it's a transitive dependency.

Reviewer: I'm not fully happy with this suggestion but I was wanting the example to be a little more spelled out

```suggestion
If a package simply exposes types from another package as a part of its API due to a regular dependency in the upstream package, it should not use a peer dependency.
For example, `express` has `qs` in its `"dependencies"`, so when users install `express`, they don't need to manually install `qs` as well. Likewise, `@types/express` has `@types/qs` in its `"dependencies"`. It would be incorrect to declare `@types/qs` as a peer dependency of `@types/express`, since that would require some downstream consumers to manually install `@types/qs`.
```

Author: Seems good, thanks. (Merged manually because I took the other suggestion first oops)

This also applies if the implementation package has `exports` in its package.json.

##### Peer dependencies

Definitely Typed allows `peerDependencies` in `package.json`.
Peer dependencies can help prevent situations where a package manager unexpectedly installs too-new versions or more than one version of the same package.
However, peer dependencies have downsides; package managers differ in their handling of peer dependencies (e.g., `yarn` does not auto-install them, `npm` requires `--legacy-peer-deps` for mismatches).
As such, PRs introducing new peer dependencies require maintainer approval and should be limited to specific circumstances.

> In general, types packages should only have a peer dependency if the upstream package has a peer dependency on the same package (or its types).

Reviewer 2: If there's a way to call this out, I think this is the one-line takeaway of the whole new section.

Author: Did a little bolding.

Similarly, `chai-as-promised` has a peer dependency on `chai`, so `@types/chai-as-promised` should have a peer dependency on `@types/chai`.

There are some cases where the upstream package does not have a peer dependency on the types package, but a peer dependency is still appropriate.
These are typically cases where the upstream package extends another package and assumes it exists, so _should_ have declared a peer dependency as it extends another package, but did not.
For example, `chai-match-pattern` extends `chai`, but does not declare a peer dependency on `chai`, but needs it to function. `@types/chai-match-pattern` should have a peer dependency on `@types/chai`.

If a package simply exposes types from another package as a part of its API due to a regular dependency in the upstream package, it should not use a peer dependency.
For example, `express` depends on `qs`, and `@types/express` references `@types/qs` in its types, but installing `express` does not require a consumer to manually install `qs` to be usable.

> Using a peer dependency in this case may cause downstream consumers to need to manually install `@types/qs` even though `qs` it's a transitive dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a peer dependency in this case may cause downstream consumers to need to manually install `@types/qs` even though `qs` is a transitive dependency.
```
